.. dropdown:: Distribution Statement

 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution is unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.8.0 (2023-03-12)
**************************

Installation
============

Remove VERSION file
-------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#192: 2023-03-07, Update version process*

Remove VERSION file - use git tag only to track version

::

    removed: VERSION

Code Formatting and Style Updates
=================================

Add rewrap formatting options
-----------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#7: 2023-03-11, support general formatting*

Use rewrap to automatically wrap lines in VSCode.

::

    modified: settings.json
    modified: extensions.json

Add YAML, JSON, and RST formatting options
------------------------------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#4: 2023-03-11, support YAML formatting*
*From issue GEOIPS#5: 2023-03-11, support RST formatting*

Use prettier for YAML and JSON formatting, and restructuredtext/doc8 extension
for RST formatting.

Additionally, including esbonio, in case we want to try it.

::

    modified: settings.json
    modified: extensions.json

Release Updates
===============

Add 1.8.0 release note
----------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#188: 2023-03-12, version update*

::

    modified: CHANGELOG.rst
    new file: docs/source/releases/v1_8_0.rst
    modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
